#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
altair==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
anyio==3.6.1
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asttokens==2.0.8
    # via stack-data
attrs==22.1.0
    # via jsonschema
babel==2.10.3
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via nbconvert
bleach==5.0.1
    # via nbconvert
boto3==1.24.73
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.27.73
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2022.9.14
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   pyvips
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   click-default-group-wheel
    #   sqlite-utils
click-default-group-wheel==1.2.2
    # via sqlite-utils
debugpy==1.6.3
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
executing==1.0.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.1
    # via nbformat
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==4.12.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
importlib-resources==5.9.0
    # via jsonschema
ipykernel==6.15.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.5.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==8.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
json5==0.9.10
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==4.16.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.3.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   voila
jupyter-core==4.11.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   voila
jupyter-server==1.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
    #   voila
jupyterlab==3.4.7
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.15.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   voila
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.3
    # via ipywidgets
lxml==4.9.1
    # via nbconvert
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
natsort==8.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
nbclassic==0.4.3
    # via jupyterlab
nbclient==0.5.13
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   voila
nbconvert==6.5.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   voila
nbformat==5.5.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
notebook==6.4.12
    # via jupyterlab
notebook-shim==0.1.0
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.23.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pandas
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytesseract
pandas==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.2.0
    # via pytesseract
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
prometheus-client==0.14.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.31
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.2
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.13.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pymupdf==1.20.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
pytesseract==0.3.10
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
    #   sqlite-utils
python-slugify==6.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2022.2.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyvips==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyzmq==23.2.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
s3transfer==0.6.0
    # via boto3
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlite-fts4==1.0.3
    # via sqlite-utils
sqlite-utils==3.29
    # via -r requirements.in
stack-data==0.5.0
    # via ipython
tabulate==0.8.10
    # via sqlite-utils
terminado==0.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tinycss2==1.1.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
toolz==0.12.0
    # via altair
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via -r requirements.in
traitlets==5.4.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   voila
urllib3==1.26.12
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
voila==0.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   voila-material
voila-material @ git+https://github.com/GLAM-Workbench/voila-material.git
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.4.1
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==10.3
    # via voila
widgetsnbextension==4.0.3
    # via ipywidgets
zipp==3.8.1
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
